Add undo monad blog post to the OCaml planet (#2976)
ocaml/ocaml.org: data/planet/-individual_external_links/undo-monad.md

---

> title: 'How I fixed Slipshow's worst flaw using OCaml and a monad'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "How I fixed Slipshow's worst flaw using OCaml and a monad"
```

> description: 'Rewriting the Slipshow engine from JavaScript to OCaml allowed me to fix an embarassing set of bugs, in an elegant way. This is the story of it!'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Rewriting the Slipshow engine from JavaScript to OCaml allowed me to fix an embarassing set of bugs, in an elegant way. This is the story of it!"
```

url: https://choum.net/panglesd/undo-monad/#step2torevisit
date: 2024-02-21T08:00:00-00:00
authors:

> - Paul-Elliot Anglès d'Auriac

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Paul-Elliot Anglès d'Auriac
```
